feat(docs): add meshObjects docs (#128)
meshcloud/meshcloud-docs: docs/meshstack.meshobjects.index.md

---
id: meshstack.meshobjects.index
title: Overview
---

> To import existing cloud tenants to meshStack into existing company processes, meshStack provides an API to import meshObjects like meshCustomer, meshProject, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To import existing cloud tenants provisioned through existing company processes, meshStack provides an import API for meshObjects like meshCustomer, meshProject, etc.
```
